hello to all and apple smells get
puts him too at the watch connect with
the apple i watch on it today
little reminder for those who need
of a good correction I pulled out a
chronicle on the iphone 6 it is
important to see it before this video
let's go back to our sheep and this is the case
to say it since apple follows every
other brands by creating his own
watch connected leaping that I
joking it's just that
personally connected watches
I do not see the interest frankly
I do not buy a piece of screen that me
will have half a quarter of the
third of the features of my iphone
300 euros I may be bad
language but honestly it serves you to
what apart from reading and sending
messages on an interface all but one
ergonomic full of people complain
to have permanent notifications
to be constantly connected and there they
all want to ensure their wrist not
yes it's better especially if I buy
a watch is to read the time
until then we agree
no, do you ask the question in which
circumstances you need most
of the hour when you have a
appointments he keller by the way
8:30 am ok I have time to twitter you
know the rest if you realize a
movie and you're looking for a player or
again when you have an exam it's
good I have my watch the chronometer I
can start I have to remove it
start to note them the messages that's
cheating and latham between mickey be
racing
you have it in the juice of course I do not
not only about the apple product but about
all the marks as far as the
peloo h
I do not really know what to think about it
firstly because it is a product that does not
I'm not interested and secondly kerala
been presented under circumstances not
at all exciting where I was disappointed
in front of the apple delivery
as I explained it to you in my
last chronicle but we do not
return later we find ourselves so
with a square watch I would have preferred
round with a rather special design
that you will understand I do not like
really that is customizable to
level of bracelets or not know since
when apple does in the customizable
but it's great but again I
do not find it beautiful this is the second
times that apple makes a product that me
displeased and it was in there that notes
at the interface level is enough
surprising
I 'm not sure it's very
ergonomic all that but for that I am
quite optimistic
on the other hand the small wheel that allows
to scroll through the items I'm
in total misunderstanding
of course it can not be used
without iphone from the 5th
so she needs the data of your
package to be able to work then
why sports apps
I think people would have liked the
being able to leave the iphone at the
house for the sake of comfort
convenient
and be able to track only
with the watch we return very quickly to
the set of watches connect with a
problem that had been opposing for two months
you would not have the time please
yeah well ah ben non battery life
luckily apple is excellent
when it comes to autonomy in terms
of features we have the messages
Syria and all that we find in
competitors nothing interesting to remember
here at 6.6 a tim cook moment drifts a
little towards the fires of love
and since I have nothing to say about this
conference you will be able thanks to
sensors send the beats of others
hearts to your beloved it's amazing
here you are if you are interested in
a connected watch and that you
have an iphone from the 5th
you can have from spring 2015
for 349 euros I should be shocked
by the price
but not even in reality what
shock spring 2015 spring 2015
apple you present us an iphone to
the snatch after three minutes of
conference to have time to
present a watch that he
complementary and that comes out seven months
after the iphone has always been the product
Apple's flagship lectures have him
always been dié it contained
stress of the patience of the full aunt
of emotions and the tulle abandons then
that he will be released in the weeks that follow
the apple conference is understandable more
you even pay more attention to our son
it works more between us
what do you note was a revolution to
himself
I really feel like they
bring freshness to our bones to
apple
and yet it is not very cool anymore
team a moment ago you have to change
of adam to bite the apple
little parenthesis for the brave I
well used the word innovation
to your keyboards single heaven
steve jobs was a genius a
outstanding speaker a commercial at
heal a visionary but for me he
braked apple